---
title: "Finally!"
date: 2022-04-13T16:53:30-03:00
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - rant
  - talk
---
I have been wanting to create a space like this for some years, but I would never find the time and motivation to do it.  
  
Also, I like to like the software I use. This is specially true for something I intend to use frequently. The few times I tried to set up a blog before did not go so well. I didn't like the results or the environment. I wanted something simple and effective.  
  
There was this one constant thought though. I wanted a `markdown` (MD) style blog. I have countless documents written in markdown and I really like how it is easy to create and awesome to read.  
  
I used to create so many MD documents, that at some point it became hard to find even my own gists. I solved that by creating private `gitea` servers and grouping some docs into wikis. But that only solves the corporate docs, not my personal ones.  
  
This blog will probably receive what would be most of my public gists in the future. I will also probably make an effort to migrate and update the still relevant gists into here as well.  
  
So far, I am liking [Minimal Mistakes][minimal-mistakes] a lot. Pretty simple, yet quite powerful and I like how it looks. In a few minutes I was up and running.  

One of the great advantages of using `Jekyll` and `.md` files is that I can just save the files and move it to another theme/site if I ever want to. It should also be trivial to import my gists and other .md files into here.  
  
I plan on updating a lot of my public code. That alone will probably generate a lot of material to post here. Hopefully, it will be usefull to others.  
  
I am happy to finally have this space running.  
  
Cheers!  
Gus

[minimal-mistakes]: https://mmistakes.github.io
